Added a section on how to clean the env log viewer (#2612)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Umbraco-Cloud/Troubleshooting/Log-files/index.md

- `log.log` shows you the same output you will have seen when pushing your changes using Git, it will show you what happened during the push and if any errors occurred. This file is especially useful when trying to find errors for deploys using the portal (so from dev > live or from dev > staging > live). Even though the last line may end with "Deployment successful" it is possible that there were errors or suspicious messages before that so make sure to give them a read.

## Cleaning up the environment logs viewer

> The logs viewer can sometimes timeout indifinitely due to too many logs which makes it impossible to view and read them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Cloud environments all errors are logged to a database table, which is what is seen in the portal under each environment. If you leave too many unread log messages it can cause timeouts when you go to see your errors. 

Since these errors are stored in your database you can go clean them up by [accessing the environment database](../../Databases/Cloud-Database).
```

I think something like this sounds a bit nicer, saying it can "sometimes timeout indefinitely" is a bit harsh, and makes it seem like it can happen at random - when in reality it only really happens if you have crazy amount of unread log messages 😉

> The only way to resolve the issue is to open the database for the environment you want to delete logs from by using this guide - https://our.umbraco.com/Documentation/Umbraco-Cloud/Databases/Cloud-Database/

Reviewer: See other suggestion 👆

> If you want to delete logs from your development environment log viewer then you will have to connect to the dev environment DB and run the following query:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to delete logs from one of your environments' log viewer then you will have to connect to the environment DB and run the following query:
```

No reason to make it environment specific, will work for any environment 🙂

- `log.log` shows you the same output you will have seen when pushing your changes using Git, it will show you what happened during the push and if any errors occurred. This file is especially useful when trying to find errors for deploys using the portal (so from dev > live or from dev > staging > live). Even though the last line may end with "Deployment successful" it is possible that there were errors or suspicious messages before that so make sure to give them a read.

## Cleaning up the environment logs viewer

On Cloud environments all errors are logged to a database table, which is what is seen in the portal under each environment. If you leave too many unread log messages it can cause timeouts when you go to see your errors. 

> Since these errors are stored in your database you can go clean them up by [accessing the environment database](../../Databases/Cloud-Database).
> 
> The only way to resolve the issue is to open the database for the environment you want to delete logs from by using this guide - https://our.umbraco.com/Documentation/Umbraco-Cloud/Databases/Cloud-Database/

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Since the errors are stored in your database it is possible to clean them up. To do this, start by [accessing the database](../../Databases/Cloud-Database) for the environment where you want to run the cleanup.
```

> If you want to delete logs from one of your environments' log viewer then you will have to connect to the environment DB and run the following query:
> ```
> DELETE TOP(90) PERCENT
>   FROM [dbo].[UCErrorLog]
>   WHERE [Read] = 0
> ```
> This will delete 90% of the oldest logs that are unread and leave you with 10% of the newest ones. It is, of course, up to you to decide how many % of logs you want to delete.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to delete logs from one of your environments' log viewer then you will have to connect to the environment DB and run the following query:

```
DELETE TOP(90) PERCENT
  FROM [dbo].[UCErrorLog]
  WHERE [Read] = 0
```

This will delete 90% of the oldest logs that are unread and leave you with 10% of the newest ones. It is, of course, up to you to decide how many % of logs you want to delete.
```
